So what's the idea behind these modules in our app.
Let's take a closer look.
Typically our application has a couple of components directives pipes services things like that.
And right now we always have this app module.
In general though in an angular app all these elements which make up your app have to be registered
in a module or in multiple modules as he will learn in this core section here.
The idea behind it is is that you clearly have to tell angular what your app consists of.
So what are the elements of your app.
Which components to use which directives do you use.
Which services do you use.
You have to be explicit about this because Engler does not scan your directory or files it doesn't include
all your files automatically.
And by using modules and being clear about what you need.
You also are very clear about what you don't need.
And that of course is a huge thing because this allows you in the end when it comes to building your
app for production to strip out all the things you don't need.
That's the idea behind modules and right now we only used one module in our app.
That's not wrong or bad but we can improve our app by using multiple modules.
We can make it more maintainable from a developer perspective but we can also use some other advantages
when it comes to building the app and you will learn all about this in this core section.
Now let me start by taking a closer look at our app module before we don't have a look at which our
modules we may use in our app